Move `error_event` from `Element`  to `HTMLElement` (#26494)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlelement/error_event/index.md

---
title: "HTMLElement: error event"
short-title: error
slug: Web/API/HTMLElement/error_event
page-type: web-api-event
browser-compat: api.HTMLElement.error_event
---

{{APIRef}}

> The `error` event is fired on an {{domxref("HTMLElement")}} object when a resource failed to load, or can't be used. For example, if a script has an execution error or an image can't be found or is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `error` event is fired on an element when a resource failed to load, or can't be used. For example, if a script has an execution error or an image can't be found or is invalid.
```
